>> The Major Arcana, or
the 22 keys of the Tarot,
is a picture book of wisdom that
depicts the journey of mystical
ascension and transformation.
This is the process
of what we call
mental alchemy or
spiritual alchemy,
is that we can learn to take
that energy from wherever
it is right now and shift it.
Change its vibration.
Take it through the
transformational process.
And bring it to
the balance point.
And transform our
shadow into light.
Where does Tarot come from?
The Tarot that we know of today
mostly traces its history back
to renaissance Italy and France.
But the wisdom they
drew from had its roots
in the ancient Egyptian
mystery schools of Toth,
the god of wisdom,
thousands of years earlier.
Desire and the
quest for knowledge
are the two things that drive
the magician in his work.
He encourages us to
take action, rather
than simply wishing
for change or success
to just happen for us.
And he gives us the ability
to make our own reality.
The lovers represent our lessons
of choice in making decisions,
especially as we learn
that the experience
of our world of duality.
And by working with the lovers
and invoking its energies
into your life, you, too,
can awaken the powers of love
and discernment within you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]